in the United Kingdom there's British
English and in the United States there's
American English in Singapore we have
Singapore and English or more commonly
known as Singlish you can usually hear
Singlish used for informal conversations
and might be confused by its different
standards of English so how exactly is
English different from British and
American English and what do all the lws
Lays and laws represent English started
when Singapore became an independent
nation and introduced English into their
country as a former colony of Britain
Singapore used British English as the
official language for their
administrations if you were a singap
parent at that time it would be the
first time you would have proper classes
and learn about the ABCs but back then
there was only a minority group of
Elites who were proficient in English
the rest of Singapore's population
consisted of the Chinese malays and
Indians who were former migrants and
only spoke their own native languages so
when these non-english speakers were
introduced to Standard English they
influenced English with their own native
languages molding it into what we know
today as Singlish like any other
language Singlish has its own sets of
rules and vocabulary you can use
Singlish to get your points across
faster with lesser words for example in
standard English you would say seems
like it is going to rain today I think
it would be best for you to bring an
umbrella out which comes to a total of
21 words whereas when you use English
you could say
that's only seven words another
interesting example is the Singlish word
La that originates from his Chinese
counterpart La is very versatile and can
be used for many different contexts for
example you can say sorry to make your
apology sound less formal if you want to
blame someone you could say oh your
thought La where the LA emphasizes your
anchor you can also use l to reassure
someone by saying don't worry can fix
one ah as shown Singlish has a different
standard of English making it difficult
for the rest of the world to understand
this brought the attention of the
government as Singlish had decreased the
country's overall English standards they
were concerned Singlish will hinder
Singapore's Economic Development so the
government launched the speak good
English movement to try and improve
English standards and eliminates English
the campaign however was not well
received by some singaporeans as English
helped them to maintain solidarity and
friendships among themselves supporters
felt that he has become a national
identity and should not be abolished
today though the use of Singlish is
still debatable we see the government
and the world starting to embrace the
language Singlish was celebrated in
Singapore's 50th birthday and was also
added into the Oxford English Dictionary
all in all Singlish Define single
parents and connects them with one
another I'm sure we can all agree that
the language will definitely remain in
Singapore for a very long
[Music]
time